
=== PAGE 1 ===
Reality TV Stock
Exchange Rules
Overview
Players will buy and trade stocks of contestants. The player with the most stock of the
winning contestant wins.
Basic Terms
Player
A player is the participant playing this game! This is not to be confused with a contestant.
They must wisely buy and sell stocks in order to accumulate the most stock of the
winning contestant.
Contestant
Contestants are the individuals that are participating in the TV show. Each participant is
assigned a certain number of stock that can be bought and sold among players. The
amount of stock available per contestant is calculated by (Number of Players * Starting
Salary) / (Number of Contestants * 2). For example, if there are 8 players with a starting
salary of 100$ with 18 contestants in the season, this would be ( 8 * 100) / (18 * 2) = 22.22.
This would be rounded to 22 shares.
=== PAGE 2 ===
Stages
Overview
While the exchange rules are slightly different during the first week, a basic week is
divided into 3 stages,
1. First Listing
2. Second Listing
3. Game Day
Stocks can be bought and sold during the First and Second listings. This allows players a
chance to free up cash in order to purchase more desirable stock. On game day, stock
cannot be bought or sold. Below is a more detailed description of all stages.
Initial Stock Offering
The first stage is the Initial Stock offering. This stage will open one week prior to the
airing of the first episode and last three days. This is when players get their first
opportunity to purchase stock. Each player will be allotted with a starting salary of 100$
that can be used to purchase stock. Players can bid on stocks at a minimum of one dollar
in .25 cent increments. It is a silent auction and stocks will not not be awarded till the
Initial Stock Offering closes. If there are not enough stock available during the initial
stock offering, it will first allot stock in order of who bid the highest. If players have bid
at the same price, the stock will be divided evenly and sold to the bidding players. If
there are not enough to be divided evenly, the remaining stock will be randomly sold to
the remaining bidding players.
=== PAGE 3 ===
Second Stock Offering
This will occur immediately after the Initial Stock Offering and will list whatever
remaining stock are still available after players have made their initial purchase. This
gives players one final chance to purchase any remaining stock that is still available.
Bidding follows the same rules from the Initial Stock Offering with bidding closing and
stock awarded at the end of the Second Stock Offering. Stock bought in the first stage
cannot be sold yet during this stage.
First Listing
First Listing will occur the day following the episode and close three days later. During
this stage, players can list any unwanted stock at the price they are willing to sell it for.
Other players can then bid starting at the minimum price in silent auction style. The
minimum price must be at least .25 and can increase in increments of .25. At the end of
this first listing, stocks will be awarded in order of the highest bidder. If players have bid
at the same price, the stock will be divided evenly and sold to the bidding players. If
there are not enough to be divided evenly, the remaining stock will be randomly sold to
the remaining bidding players.
Second Listing
This will immediately follow the first listing stage and close the day before the next
episode. All rules from the first listing apply when buying and selling stock. This gives
players one final opportunity to sell or purchase stock before the episode airs.
=== PAGE 4 ===
Game Day
Game day occurs on the day that the episode airs. Stocks cannot be purchased or sold.
When a contestant is eliminated from the show, all stocks belonging to that contestant
become worthless and cannot be bought or sold.
Finale
After the season finale, the player with the most stock of the winning contestant will win.
If there is a tie, the player with the most amount of money on hand wins.
Other Terminology
Dividends
Dividends are paid out the day after the episode and are awarded to players who own
stock of contestants that do well in an episode. A player is paid out per stock per
achievement by the contestant in an episode. The following list is an example of
achievements and their dividend values for the game of Survivor but can be changed
and modified depending on the TV show:
● Reward - .05
● Finding Hidden Immunity/Advantage - .05
● Winning Tribal Immunity - .10
● Individual Immunity - .15
=== PAGE 5 ===
For example, if a player own 5 stock of a contestant that is on a tribe that wins reward
and tribal immunity, and also finds an idol, it would be 5 * (.05 + .05 + .10) = 1.00 in
dividends.
Player Elimination
A player is eliminated if:
1. All of their remaining stock is worthless
2. Are unable to purchase anymore stock after a 3 week period.